Update reference-version-history.md (#1567)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/global-secure-access/reference-version-history.md

### New features and improvements

> - The connector now supports routing outbound traffic to destination in GSA Private Access through a forward proxy, enhancing network control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The connector now supports routing outbound traffic to destinations in Microsoft Entra Private Access through a forward proxy, enhancing network control.
```
